Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[music playing]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[tires screeching]
[dramatic music]
Please!
Help me!
[crying]
Pushed. you think?
Yeah. or jumped or fell.
but no blood up here. though.
so she was shot down there.
Pushed. jumped. or fell.
Shot in the back of the
head. dragging herself away.
My god. that's awful.
I hope we didn't pull you
away from the lovely Rita.
Is that how this
is going to go?
Rita's sprinkled into
every conversation now?
Oh. of course not.
Except yeah.
But it's good. though.
Last week. we would pulled
you away from. what.
a can of soup and Jeopardy?
You know what?
There's nothing wrong
with soup and Jeopardy.
They happen to
complement one another.
The vehicle's registered
to Maggie Moore.
Lives a few miles from here.
You sent Maggie Moore?
Weird. right?
[music playing]
So. did she take the
ring back. your wife?
Nope.
Unbeknownst to me.. I entered
into a marriage contract.
and she's entitled
to certain niceties.
Niceties?
The fuck is that?
What the hell. man?
Oh. it's fine.
You just cut it off.
Yes. not fine.
This is fucking mold.
It's just not edible.
You know. you're paying
me $0.20 on the dollar.
It's eat-able enough.
Edible.
Edible enough. Jesus.
Marriage contract--
that's a thing?
Yeah.
Her shrink says I promised
Maggie I'd make big money.
Fuck me if I'm running
behind schedule.
But she bitches I'm
pinching pennies.
I'm pinching fucking pennies.
Try not buying $600 rings.
and let me get back on track.
Yeah. simple math.
Yes. simple math. right?
But no. here I am.
serving up fucking
expired food to make more money
to pay her shrink to tell her
I'm pinching fucking pennies.
Where's my shit?
We're having a conversation.
Yeah. you told me.
Now. where's my shit?
Don't tell me you lost it.
That's some sensitive shit.
Fuck me.
Hey. Mags?
Maggie?
Mags!
Hey. Mags.
You OK?
What kind of monster are you?
Whatever that
is. it is not mine.
You're lying.
I'm not.
It's this work
guy. Tommy. Jesus.
I swear to God.
Don't you dare swear to God.
You're not entitled
to swear to God.
Jesus. what the
fuck is in there?
Pictures of children.
of little children.
Holy shit.
I had nothing to do with that.
Maggie. and I mean nothing.
I was just passing them along.
MAGGIE: You brought this filth
into our home. into my home.
Why do you have anything
to do with this freak?
JAY: OK. he's a piece
of shit. all right?
You think I don't know that?
But those are not mine.
You're providing them.
This is a crime. and
you are an accessory!
And that's if I
even believe you!
What the fuck does that mean?
You think I get
off on that shit?
I don't know what
you get off on. Jay.
JAY: It's just part of the deal.
I pass along the packages.
and I get cheap food.
If you can't figure
out how to make a buck.
that's fine. but this?
You need to leave!
JAY: Oh. I need to leave?
Yeah!
This is my house.
Maggie. and I'm not
leaving my own fucking house!
I'm calling the cops.
Hey. hey. do not--
do not call the cops!
Get out. I said.
[music playing]
JAY: Fuck you. Mags!
[tires screeching]
Hey. are you crazy with this?
Are you fucking insane?
Maggie found those
pictures. man.
Oh. we had an agreement. man.
My business is my business.
Nobody told you to open it.
Yeah. well. I didn't open it.
Maggie opened it.
She threw me out.
Oh. maybe she's using
that as an excuse.
Maybe she's like
banging someone else.
[grunting]
- What?
No. she's not.
Jesus.
You're the one who should
be seeing a shrink.
you fucking perv.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Hey. man. we had a deal.
I do for you.
Then you do for me.
Now you take another side?
That's fucking
Stockholm syndrome.
OK. that is not Stockholm
syndrome. you fucking maniac.
That's Stockholm syndrome.
No. that is not
Stockholm syndrome.
Stockholm syndrome is when you
get kidnapped and brainwashed.
God damn it. are
you fucking thick?
Oh. she's going to clean me out.
So fucking what?
Stay here. man.
You got a can.
You got a full kitchen.
hella meat. cheese. and--
Oh. yeah. yeah. that's
my dream fucking scenario.
Fuck. what if she goes to
the cops with those pictures?
Then I'm an accessory
to your sick shit-- ah!
Fuck!
Ow!
I got fucking plans. man!
So it's best to keep me
out of the situation!
So if you need help getting
those pictures back.
which you better fucking
do. I know a guy.
Ah!
You understand?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I'll handle it.
Ah. oh.
I want my fucking pictures!
His life had taken
an unexpected turn.
Every night. he ate a can
of soup in front of the TV.
usually Jeopardy unless
a ballgame was on.
His friends would call. but
he didn't want to see them.
He didn't want their
well meaning pity.
But it wasn't just that.
For years. he had
the perfect life.
It was too hard for him
to admit it was over.
So was that autobiographical?
Oh. no. just madeup stuff.
I thought it
was really moving.
How long you been writing?
I wouldn't really
call it writing.
but I've been playing around
with it since high school.
This high school. in fact.
Huh.
Here.
Defacing public property.
Wow.
So you were a hooligan.
Well. I have since reformed.
Glad to hear it.
Hey. I was going to grab
a coffee down the street
if you want to join me maybe.
Oh. uh--
Come on.
You'll be miserable for 20
minutes tops. I promise.
You know. sometimes.
in conversation.
the other person might
ask. for instance.
how long they've been writing.
you know. just as an example.
Coincidentally.
I was just going
to ask. even before
you mentioned that.
how long have you been writing?
Well. I got my first
diary on my 10th birthday
and then tore through one
a month till I was 23.
What happened to 23?
Mm. got married. had a child
two months later-- my parents
not happy about that.
And 12 years flew
by. and here I am.
Uh. so you're
married with a kid?
Mm. I'm separated
with two kids.
So what about you?
What's your situation?
No kids.
My wife passed.
Wow. I'm sorry.
You know. life.
It's what happens
while you're busy making
other plans. which is not a
John Lennon quote. by the way.
No. it is actually from a--
[voice fading out]
[leaf blower]
Hey.
Hey. Mags.
I told you to stay away.
I'm just getting it nice
and neat the way you like it.
Come on.
We got to talk.
You're not answering the phone.
Because I don't want to talk.
You see how that works?
And don't you dare
come by the diner.
Hey. Mags. listen to me.
Hey. listen.
I know you're pissed. but
do not go to the cops.
This guy. Tommy T.
he's a complete psycho.
You go to the cops. I don't
know what he's going to do.
To you or to me?
You. me. both of us.
But I'm worried about you.
[scoffs] Fuck you. Jay!
My lawyer's calling you.
Waste your bullshit on her.
You're calling a lawyer?
Mags. come on.
Mags!
Seriously?
What. did your shrink
tell you to do that?
[gong]
[asian music]
You know. if you don't
mind. actually. I'm
a little sore today. the
neck and shoulders area.
Oh.
First time for
everything. right?
[chuckles] Yeah. I
got a lot of stress.
Yeah. got a lot of decisions
to make that's going to affect
my lifestyle. my
disposable income.
You know Castle Subs.
Indian school in Highland?
That was a sub place?
Yeah. it's a sub
place. Castle Subs?
I'm a franchisee.
Just the one place for
now. but down the road.
I imagine six. maybe
seven establishments.
And then from there. you
know. sky's the limit.
You know Howard Schultz?
Starbucks guy. who
owns half the planet?
I'm going to own the other half.
Big dreams.
What's stopping you?
Nothing's stopping me. except
the potential legal impediment
from my wife. of all people.
Can you believe that?
What would Starbucks guy do?
[music playing]
Hey. Tommy T. Set it up.
[tv playing distantly]
[knocking]
Mr. Cosco!
[planes flying on tv]
Pretty loud. don't you think?
[tv stops]
Tommy T fill you in?
My situation. he explain it?
What. you got
laryngitis or something?
Oh. you're deaf?
Seriously?
You're fucking deaf?
So-- so you read lips?
Oh. Jesus. OK.
[shredding]
Yeah. smart.
No paper trail.
I like that.
OK. so. uh. my wife.
she is threatening
to go to the cops over
some shit that Tommy T got
involved with-- no judgment.
So basically what I would
like from you is to scare her
off the idea. which. you know.
ultimately is for the best
because you know Tommy
T is no fucking angel.
So that's why you didn't know
the TV was so fucking loud.
As soon as possible.
Yeah. you're really
doing me a solid. man.
So tell you what?
Free food at my
sub shop for life.
It's a perk.
You know. not like your fee.
[shredding]
And let me get a mega bowl.
Ugh. can you even
imagine this much money?
I wouldn't even
know where to start.
Pretty sure the
taxes on the lump sum
are like half. though. right?
Yeah. I don't know.
Yeah. pretty sure they are.
I mean. I could live OK on
$100 million. though. right?
What was the number?
I just want to pay.
No. you don't want to
miss out on these rewards.
What's your phone?
928-965-2541.
Maggie Moore.
JAY: My wife.
Got it.
Would you like to add your
name to the loyalty membership?
Nope.
OK. then we'll keep
it just your wife
then on Hanover Court.
Chip reader's not working
so you can just slide.
Wait. we don't live
on Hanover Court.
Yep. 32 Hanover Court.
Nope. we live on Donna Circle.
You know what?
Forget it.
Just forget the loyalty.
Wait.
Oh.
Oh. I see.
There's two Maggie Moores in
the system. the one at Hanover
and then you guys on Donna.
And then somehow the system
just like-- oh. wait.
No. it didn't switch it.
It's just under that one phone.
That is so weird.
I wonder how that happened.
You never finished
telling me about your date.
the co-ed from class.
OK. first of all.
it wasn't a date.
And second of all. she's a
grown woman with two kids.
OK. what's wrong with that?
I didn't say anything
was wrong with her.
OK. this is going
to sound weird--
I mean really sound weird.
Lay it on me.
Lay it on me?
What are you?
You're in the
States for 10 years.
and that's what you pick up?
You're deflecting.
OK.
Oh. god. we went
and had cheesecake
at this place near class.
She paid. and you
felt like a wuss.
You're right. that's
really stupid.
No. that is not what happened.
She had cheesecake on her chin.
a little crumb of cheesecake.
She had a little crumb
of cheesecake on her chin.
and you found that unforgivable.
Yeah. it just sat
there the whole time.
Why didn't you
just lick it off?
Too forward?
Like a napkin?
A gentle wipe?
Look. you asked me how
it went. and I told you.
OK?
Done. there. fine.
OK.
But you understand this alleged
crumb as a reason to shut down
a relationship is not rational.
It's not.
And when I say that it's
not rational. what I mean
is there's something
terribly wrong with you.
Morning.
Hey. Rita.
I haven't seen Jay around.
I'm really late for work.
Oh. sure.
But we're not--
Jay and I aren't going
to be together anymore.
Oh. my goodness.
Yeah. I mean. please
don't say anything.
It's not for publication.
No. no. of course.
It's just like they
become completely
different people. you know?
I do.
I do know.
Save a lot of trouble
if they just told you
their weirdo crap at the start.
Anyway. I got to scoot.
Hey. knock when you get back.
We can open a wine
and have girl talk.
Sorry. what?
Have a great day.
Take care.
[music playing]
[dramatic music]
[gasps] Oh!
Oh. please.
Please don't hurt me.
Please.
Please don't.
[phone ringing]
Castle.
JERRY CONNORS (ON
PHONE): Mr. Moore.
Jerry Connors of corporate.
You focused on the
operation over there?
What?
Uh. yeah. of course. we are.
JERRY CONNORS (ON
PHONE): Because according
to our records. it's been. it
looks like. over three months
since you purchased
any inventory--
meats. cheese. chips. produce.
the fresh cookie dough.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
you know. I must
have overbought at some
point because we got plenty.
We are fully stocked.
JERRY CONNORS (ON PHONE): Are
you saying you're still using
product from three months ago?
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
You must be missing a couple
orders because our stuff
is beautiful. fresh as can be.
JERRY CONNORS (ON
PHONE): Mr. Moore.
are you checking the expiration
dates on the packaging?
Yeah. absolutely. every day.
You know. Mr. Connors. we have
got customers out the door.
but we will be
reordering very soon.
I can promise you that.
Hey. this one is
pretty gross. too.
OK. Greg. well.
toss it and move on.
Can you figure that out?
[music playing]
Hey. Shel.
Mags in the kitchen?
Heard you had quite
the knockdown dragout.
It's a misunderstanding.
Is she in the kitchen?
54 is your change.
Thank you.
She didn't come
in. and she didn't
call. which is not like her.
Yeah. she's not answering
her cell phone either.
You worried?
Yeah. getting to be.
If she checks in.
can you ever give me
a call or text me or something?
OK.
Hi. how's everything?
DISPATCH (ON RADIO):
Hey. I got a couple
of calls about the fire up the
B Line and Sycamore trailhead.
It's probably just some
idiot burning leaves.
Give it a look. will you?
Well. that's not good.
I don't know.
Gas leak or
something electrical.
You'd think there'd be
time to go out of the car.
Unless. you know.
spontaneous combustion.
So let me get this straight.
In your scenario
here. this person
drives off the highway down
some random embankment.
stops here. and spontaneously
bursts into flames?
Can't even tell you the sex.
Too badly burned.
An accelerant was used.
though. and plenty of it.
Ah. so not
spontaneous combustion.
I'll get you
more from the lab.
Thank you.
You know. KB. that was
a person who died there.
murdered in a horrible.
horrible fashion.
I know.
Why do you got to make jokes?
It's not right.
It's not respectful.
Don't do it. OK?
Yeah.
Did you pull a
VIN off the car?
No. dash and doors too melted.
Did you check the battery?
Sometimes there's a
serial number plate.
Yeah. see?
There.
Yeah.
Run that.
Also. call around all
the taxicab companies--
Uber. Lyft. places like that.
See if they had any
pickups around here
'cause I don't see our guy
hitchhiking out of here.
[knocking]
Mr. Moore?
Can I help you?
Oh. uh. yeah.
I'm looking for Jay Moore.
I don't think he's here.
I mean. he's not here.
They're separated.
Oh.
Big fight.
Yeah?
Huge.
You know. this is
really not necessary.
Well. you don't
want to watch me eat.
OK.
Well. thank you.
So what can you tell
me about this fight?
Were you over there?
Uh. no. no. no. here.
I don't know.
I guess sound must carry at
night. but they were just--
man. they were
really going at it.
Do they fight a lot?
More so lately.
Oh. did Maggie file
a restraining order?
Is that why you're here?
Can't say.
But maybe did you hear
anything specific about what
they were fighting about?
I mean. it was
pretty garbled. but she
did yell the word "filth."
I caught that.
Filth.
And then he was banished.
He did come back one
day to work on the lawn.
and that did not go over well.
[coughing]
Oh. no.
Was there too much pepper?
Wow.
You want milk?
I'm fine.
Please. please. please sit.
It just caught me by surprise.
I have this sick
thing for pepper.
Mm.
No. I get it.
I get it.
My wife. we have one
spice in our home.
It's garlic salt. She
puts it on everything--
steak. hamburger. cereal.
I'm kidding. of course.
She would never put it on steak.
[laughs] OK.
Well. you know. you're welcome
to take the shaker home
and show her what
she's been missing.
Uh. yeah.
She passed away
about a year ago.
Oh. I'm sorry about that.
I'm divorced if you
were wondering why I drag
strangers in to eat with me.
[laughs] Well. you
must have friends.
Oh. god. no.
They all chose him. and frankly.
I can't make the effort.
I've been trying to
pal up to Maggie.
We'll see where that goes.
She seems nice.
Her husband's a little off.
I'm finding it takes courage
to be happy. you know?
I'm just not sure my
ex left me with any.
I don't know.
I bet you--
I bet you have plenty.
No. he broke me
down pretty good.
[laughs]
Well. where do
you think I might
be able to find Jay Moore?
Come on. man.
It's my prom.
Yeah. and prom's
a huge night for us.
Yeah. but like who eats subs?
Anyway. like. we're all dressed
up to go to real restaurants.
Yeah. and you smoke weed.
You get wasted and unpacked.
Sorry. Greg.
I can't spare you.
[knocking]
Hey there. officer.
Mr. Moore.
Yeah. yeah.
Mind if I talk to
you for a second?
Yeah. of course.
No. no.
No. that can't be right.
It's possible there's
a mistake. no?
When was the last
time you saw your wife?
I was just over
to work on the yard.
So you two were
living separately then?
We had like a stupid
fight. and I tried
calling her today to apologize.
I even went to the diner
where she works. you know.
trying to make up.
Who would do this?
Everybody just loved Mags.
She was a rock star.
We'll find out
sooner or later.
We always do.
I'm very sorry for
your loss. Mr. Moore.
I'm sorry for your loss.
[door banging open]
TOMMY T (ON PHONE): What's up?
He fucking killed her.
Who's this?
Jay?
Chief of police was just here.
Jesus fucking Christ.
They're going to
nail me for this.
You understand?
That's what's up. dude.
but you know. there's still
the matter of my finder's fee.
What?
What did you just say?
I mean. look. I
get things went awry.
But--
Things went awry?
He burned Maggie up
in her fucking car!
Yeah. I hear you. dude.
but business is business.
Fuck you!
[banging]
Fuck!
Piece of shit phone.
So you're telling me that
even if the potato chips or what
have you are cheaper
somewhere else. that they have
to buy Castle Subs products?
JERRY CONNORS (ON PHONE):
That's right. officer.
OK. got it.
Thank you for your
time. Mr. Connors.
JERRY CONNORS (ON
PHONE): My pleasure.
Well. Jay Moore
is into something.
Because he's selling
shitty no name chips?
It's a breach of the
franchise agreement.
He has to buy
Castle Subs product.
If he buys from Liberty
Bell foods or wherever else.
he stiffs corporate
out of their money.
Either way. what's that got
to do with his murdered wife?
I do not know.
Because you seem really
worked up over this.
Well. we have a victim who
was unable to yield any clues
due to her--
Crispiness.
Christ's sakes.
KB. will you--
Sorry. it just happens.
Don't do it anymore.
What do you got?
Called all the
transport companies.
No one had a pickup
near the B Line.
Also Jay's story checks
out at the diner.
Also there's a record of
his call to Maggie's cell.
just like he told you.
So we've got nothing.
Hey. two Maggie Moores guy.
[bell]
Uh. what?
Two Maggie Moores
in the system. one
at 32 Hanover.
you guys on Donna.
Remember?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Dude. what a
crazy coincidence.
[scoffs] What are
the odds of that?
Mr. Moore.
[bell]
Yeah.
Yeah. let me get a mega bowl
and a couple of those phones.
No. it was weird for me to see
my name in a story like that.
Mags. you seen my glasses?
In here!
Well. tell Daddy that I'm fine.
It was just one of those
spooky coincidences. OK?
So I'll see you on Tuesday. Mom.
OK. I love you. too.
OK. bye.
Your folks OK?
Yeah. I talked them down.
[music playing]
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
It's me.
[tv playing loudly]
Why is it--
[tv shutting off]
[bang]
Jesus!
OK. sorry.
MAN (ON TV): Let me
take a whack at it.
Demented fuck.
So. just asking. no disrespect.
because I know you're like--
but I pretty clearly said
scare her. not. you know.
set her on fucking fire.
So like-- yeah.
Yeah. that sounds like Maggie.
Jesus Christ.
So was she. like.
alive when you--
Well. thank God for that.
So I got the cops fucking
knocking on my door. man.
So I got a plan.
You know my wife's
name. Maggie. right?
Maggie Moore.
Well. there's another Maggie
Moore. same exact fucking name.
only a couple of miles away.
So what I'm thinking
is if we-- you--
remove the second
Maggie Moore. it'll
make it look like the
first removal. my Maggie.
was just a mistake.
like it was an accident.
And I'm off the hook.
I mean. they're not twins. but.
Yeah?
You didn't say anything
about me. right?
To Maggie?
Fuck.
What the hell?
Why would you tell her that?
[shredding]
Jesus Christ.
PASTOR: Maggie. as you
all know. loved children.
but not having been blessed
with children of her own.
she feared her life
would be without meaning.
It was not.
Maggie was able to
find new meaning
through her work at the diner.
Why are you making me do this?
Why do you make me
interrupt my route to come
here to get what's mine. huh?
Finder's fee ain't much.
not the way you were talking
what a divorce would cost.
Come on. man.
I got to be the pastor.
Right. because otherwise
you'll go to hell.
Like. that's why you'll go.
PASTOR: --and the truth of our
relationships with our friends
and loved ones. the
truth within ourselves.
You see. life is not about
the houses we live in.
the cars we drive.
or the money we make.
In times like these.
we realize that only
three things truly matter--
our health. our
family. and our faith.
[phone vibrating]
Police Chief Sanders?
Did I interrupt you
refilling the pepper grinder?
No. no. pepper refills are
performed at 10:00 and 6:00
daily.
I'm good for the night.
[chuckles] Hey. listen.
I was thinking. would
you want to maybe get
some ice cream or something?
I could come by if
it's not too late.
Is that a yes. then?
I'll pick you up?
Sure.
See you in a bit.
Is yours as good as it looks?
I'm not sharing.
Hey. you know a decent mechanic?
Because my dash is like
all warning lights.
Uh. I do. actually.
Who won't cheat me?
Oh. no. he'll
definitely cheat you.
But his work is solid.
You know. I know we don't really
know each other that well.
but I feel like something
might be bothering you.
Am I wrong?
When you were at my house. you
obviously knew Maggie was gone.
We had a whole
conversation that--
I don't know-- I just think
it's a little strange.
And you're annoyed?
Absolutely not annoyed.
Mildly put out.
That's fair.
That I didn't tell you
about Maggie's murder
before I told her husband.
It was just
strange. like I said.
to see the news that night and
think back on our conversation
and how you didn't say a word.
I am obligated to
inform the next of kin
before the next door neighbor.
Whatever.
I'm always the last to know.
You have a lot that's--
[laughs]
Yeah. there you go.
Thank you.
Want to go for a walk?
Then I see him come out of the
bathroom with this other guy.
And Jim looks like he's been
shoved around a little bit.
And then the other
guy just roars
off in this delivery truck.
I don't know.
I just thought it was odd.
Hey. do you like to gamble?
Because I work at the casino.
And I don't know-- if you
ever wanted to come up--
Hold on. go back.
So Jay misses the beginning
of his wife's funeral
because he's been shoved
around by some guy
that drives the delivery truck?
It was odd. right?
See. I'm usually so not
even close on this stuff.
Did you happen to see the
name on the side of the truck?
Maybe there's
security footage?
I watch a lot of SVU.
Liberty.
Liberty Bell Foods.
I remember the bell.
Junior detective.
Hey. look who's
a sex offender.
I didn't do nothing.
Why am I here?
Child porn?
That's nothing to you?
You can't arrest
me on that again.
That's eminent domain.
Well. you got us there.
Tommy T. What do you
and Jay Moore have going
on at the sandwich shop?
Nothing's going.
What?
With Liberty Bell Foods?
Jay buys from you.
instead of corporate.
Pro tip.
We already know.
Hey. you don't know shit.
Why don't you go back to France?
Leave us hard-working
Americans alone.
Keep in mind you're in
a massive shitstorm here.
[sighs] And it's all expired.
They're just going to throw
that shit out anyways.
The chips?
Yeah. the chips. the
meat. cheese. all of it.
So Jay buys expired food from
you and sells it at his place?
That is so disgusting.
And what do you
get out of this?
Nothing. a couple of bucks.
Well. see. we heard that
Jay and his wife Maggie
got in a big fight right
before she was murdered.
and the word "filth" came up.
So I'm wondering. maybe in
exchange for this cheap.
expired food. Jay provided
you with some form
of sexual gratification
that you're not allowed
to have in your possession?
You sick fuck.
Uh-uh.
That's crazy.
False.
That's why she kicks
him out of the house.
That's why she
initiates the divorce.
You kill Maggie
Moore. Tommy T?
Me?
No fucking way!
Maybe you know somebody
in that line of work.
No. no. man.
I swear on my mom's life.
See. I know I
should believe you
because you're such
an upstanding citizen.
but I don't know.
I'm starting to
warm to my theory.
[ominous music]
Please. take my bag.
Take my jewelry.
There's credit cards in there.
I can give you the pins.
Would you mind if I
kept my insulin kit?
I have diabetes.
It's not worth anything.
Here. here.
[dramatic music]
[screaming] Help me!
[crying]
You got the other
Maggie. too. right?
Did you make her think
you'd let her go. too?
Fuck you. you twisted
piece of shit!
Oh!
[gunshot]
Wow.
You know what?
They just-- there's this new
invention they came up with.
It's called a car wash.
And what they do is they
take all of the dirt off
of the outside of
the car. and then
you can see what color it is.
Huh.
I can't see that catching on.
Really?
You're not an
investor. I hope.
So I changed the oil. and
the tire pressure was low.
And the gas sensor was
the passenger side airbag.
You need a new one.
How much?
3.200 plus tax.
For a passenger airbag?
I can't think of anyone
that I like that much.
Yeah. that's a pass.
All right.
Sorry.
Give me a minute.
Thanks. Bud.
Boss.
3.200?
That's nuts.
Well. to be fair.
I did say Buddy would
most likely try to cheat you.
Oh. uh. I got to go.
Are you going to be OK here?
Yeah.
You heard the man.
Half of my air bags are
in perfect working order.
Go be a policeman.
Police chief.
thank you very much.
Fancy badge.
I'll call you later.
Wash your car.
Wash your ass.
I heard that.
[siren]
The vehicle's registered to
Maggie Moore. lives a few miles
from here.
You say Maggie Moore?
Weird. right?
Two dead Maggie
Moores one week apart.
Yeah. that's weird.
Hey. chief.
First Maggie's a mistake. so
he chops off this ring finger
to prove he got it right?
Prove to who?
I'm thinking the husband.
I mean. who else
would know the ring?
That's assuming
she was married
and assuming she wore a ring.
We don't know any of that.
Imagine that conversation.
the husband telling the guy he
killed the wrong Maggie Moore.
You're sure?
Yeah. I'm sure.
She's right here
making meatloaf.
It would mean Tommy T
and Jay are off the hook.
Yeah. and the end of the whole
Liberty Bell Foods conspiracy.
I know how much you wanted
to make that happen.
Did your wife
wear a wedding ring?
Yes. matching.
Can I get a picture. please?
Got it.
What can you
tell us. Mr. Moore?
Anything going on in her life?
Duane Rich.
If you want to know who
did this. Duane Rich.
OK?
He worked with Maggie. just
gave her nothing but trouble.
Made her life goddamn miserable.
Was this at the credit union?
Yeah.
What kind of trouble
are we talking about?
Hate crime stuff.
He would leave like notes
with swastikas on her desk.
She would come back from
lunch. and there would be
like a web page open to ovens.
KB: Because you're Jewish.
Well. no shit
because she's Jewish.
She went to HR.
They finally fired his ass.
Was there any concern on
her part with this Duane Rich
that her life might
actually be in danger?
She asked me for a gun.
That's how scared she was.
But I talked her out of it.
I told her that she
was overreacting.
The guy was just a bully.
I was supposed to protect her.
Look what I did.
Seemed legit.
Well. just because he
feels bad doesn't mean
he didn't do it.
Ma'am. please. I
got nothing to say.
Another woman was
murdered with the same name
as your wife.
You must have an opinion.
My opinion?
My opinion is that
I am grief stricken.
And you should be
ashamed of yourself.
Jesus Christ.
Sorry about the
ruckus here. sir.
I got this. Greg.
Take out the trash.
What are we having today. sir?
Uh. turkey provolone
foot long on wheat.
All right.
Turkey provolone.
How's your day going?
Excellent.
Yeah?
You win the mega ball?
Yeah. I'm just kidding.
[clearing throat]
Something wrong. sir?
Seriously?
You went undercover?
This isn't our meat.
This isn't our cheese.
This isn't our produce.
These aren't even
our snack chips.
What you do have
is a lot of mold.
Yeah. that's avocado.
I'm pretty sure.
You're in breach of your
franchise agreement. Mr. Moore.
Look. man. I
just lost my wife.
The poor woman was murdered.
I'm sorry for your loss.
I am.
But this is a serious violation.
I know.
But can you just. like.
do me a solid human
being a human being?
I didn't even get
to say goodbye.
She was burned up so bad.
$600.
Sorry?
You're asking me to help you.
I'm helping you.
For $600?
What price would you put on
keeping your shop open. huh?
Get the fuck out.
That's my fucking price?
Get out of my shop. man.
Go!
Are you fucking
serious with this. man?
OK.
I'm a goddamn widower!
Shit.
Hey. hey.
I'm sorry.
It's been a rough
couple of weeks.
600.
Duane Rich?
I don't know
what you've heard.
Well. I'll tell you what
we've heard. Mr. Rich.
Maggie's husband said that
you continuously harassed
her and were anti-Semitic.
And HR said that you
were fired from your job
for those very reasons.
Well. here's the thing is.
I don't dispute any of that.
The way I behaved.
it was shameful.
And I am mortified by it.
Then why did you do it?
Well. because I was a drunk.
I'm an alcoholic.
And getting let go.
that saved my life.
I went to a meeting
that night and--
What night?
The night I got fired. and
I've been going ever since.
So writing "death to
kikes" on her desk calendar.
you attribute that to the booze?
I liked Maggie.
And I hit on Maggie. and
when she rejected me.
I acted like a whiny
little high schooler.
I don't hate Jews.
I don't hate anybody.
I was just a jackass.
[doorbell]
Excuse me.
Hey.
Just get started.
I'll be down.
We hold meetings here.
Well. Mr. Rich. thank
you for your time.
We'll let you know if
we find anything else.
Put it back.
[music playing]
Ah.
No.
I think mine's defective.
I don't get it.
How about yours?
Oh. always broken.
No. I never win.
I might as well just toss
my quarters in the street.
Well. I wouldn't
take it personally.
I do think losing is
kind of the point.
No. I know.
That's why I fit right in.
Where else should we lose?
Oh. so many choices.
Hey. Rita. something to drink?
Ooh. I will have
your finest white wine
spritzer please. Jody.
And a Budweiser.
Thank you.
That's impressive.
Full eye contact
despite the boobage.
Good job.
What?
Pretty girl with a nice
body is just genetics.
If she could play the piano.
then I'd be impressed.
[laughs] Oh. OK.
Well. this is a game
of skill and strategy.
Yes. I know roulette
is for suckers.
but I have a foolproof system.
Watch.
DEALER: No more bets.
I'm going to get us a room.
DEALER: 24 black.
Hey. look over there. huh?
This is it.
You ready for the sex?
I'm ready.
OK. that didn't go well.
Yeah. I feel it's my fault.
No. it's not.
You're not into me.
It's fine.
That is not the case.
I'm just feeling a little
guilty. I think. is all.
Guilty about what?
The sex. the having the sex.
Oh. no. really?
There's been no one?
No.
No. and I don't
know what to say.
I just feel like
I'm still attached
to her somehow in my heart.
Yeah. I know.
Believe me. I know how
cheesy that sounds.
That doesn't make it not true.
You know what else is true?
Every day when I wake
up. I think about you.
And every time I see you.
my heart beats so loud.
I can't believe
you can't hear it.
You don't have
to say that stuff.
I know I'm no bargain.
What?
Why do you do that?
Why do you put yourself
down like that?
I don't.
You do.
You say things like.
my ex broke me.
and I never can catch a break.
and I know I'm no bargain.
Like. what is that?
Why?
Maybe we're both mental cases.
I'm pretty sure they have robes.
Ms. Novak. what
new information
do you have on the murder
of Maggie Lee Moore?
Andy would come into my
bar all the time. you know?
Buy me a shot. flirt with me.
Not really my type.
but I don't know.
We kind of hit it off
after a little while.
I didn't know he was
married. you know.
What was it like the first
time after your divorce?
It was pretty nerve
racking. actually.
Different body. different
feel. different smell.
I mean. all the
pieces were the same.
but it was just so peculiar.
But you got through it.
I did get through it.
Yeah. I persevered.
and I did my damnedest.
And then when it was over.
I hydrated and stretched
a little bit and
got back in there.
Atta. girl.
You are a true American hero.
[chuckles] You're right
about the victim stuff.
I could go through
the whole list--
parents. boyfriends.
bosses. my ex. my realtor.
Everybody gets their way.
Don't mind me.
I'm pathetic.
And I just did it again.
Yeah. stop doing that.
Stop letting it happen.
Stop letting yourself
get steamrolled.
Otherwise. what's
even the point?
What the hell?
REPORTER (ON TV):
To be clear. are
you claiming Andy Moore told you
he planned to murder his wife?
About a month ago. he said
he wanted her gone so that we
could be together. which I
thought was just a dumb line
until. you know. she was gone.
Did you hear that?
She just dropped a dime
on Maggie Lee's husband.
Yeah.
I have to say. Andy
was a gentleman with me.
But his eyes were always
a little weird. you know?
He always scared
me just a little.
And how long were you having
an affair with Mr. Moore?
About four months.
Off the record. tiny dick.
But he loved the gem.
He'd stay down there for hours.
You do know you're talking
to the police right now. right?
She's just giving
us a little color.
She's just filling
in the details.
Did Mr. Moore
ever mention to you
how he planned on
dealing with Mrs. Moore
and getting her
out of the picture?
Oh. you mean like the lead
pipe or a rope or a revolver?
Uh. no.
No.
Maybe did he ever say maybe
he was going to call somebody
or that he knew a guy?
Oh. yeah. Duane.
I don't know his last name.
but I remember he said Duane
would do it in a heartbeat.
Do you have some way of
proving your relationship
with Mr. Moore?
He was very. very
careful about being seen.
And he always paid. so I don't
have. like. any receipts.
Maybe you could give
us a list of places
you went so we can verify it.
Oh. yeah. I can just do that.
I kept a journal in case there's
ever a book about my life.
She had insurance.
BTW. Maggie did.
Life insurance?
700k.
This nutcase is setting me up.
I mean. it's bad
enough what happened.
Now I got to deal with this?
Any idea why she would
do this. set you up?
Obviously. she's
an attention whore.
I mean. look at her. right?
She's loving this.
OK. but how did she
know your wife had
700k worth of life insurance?
Maybe she knows
someone who knew Maggie?
I mean. she mentioned
Duane. right?
Maybe they're buddies
from Nazi camp.
Well. right now.
there's nothing to suggest
he was involved with this.
Nothing to suggest
he was involved.
the guy who wanted to actually
shove her into an oven.
Do you say anything
at any point.
or are you just here to observe?
Answer the
officer's questions.
Andy. and try to keep
an even temperament.
This is not easy for anybody.
Easy for you.
You just sit there.
What about a polygraph?
It might help to
clear some things up.
I'm on Lexapro.
It can screw with the results.
If I had a lawyer. he
would back me up on that.
At this point. I don't see
what else Mr. Moore can offer.
He was here at work at the
time of his wife's death.
and nothing connects him
with that horrific crime.
except the unsubstantiated
claim of a complete stranger.
So unless there's
something else.
I see no reason to waste
any more of his time.
Nope.
I think that's all
we have for now.
Thank you. gentlemen.
Andy.
When he does say something.
he makes a decent point.
What does that
word mean to you?
Pleasure?
Contentment?
State of well-being?
Does money make you happy?
Does your partner?
Good friends?
A good steak?
What about you?
Figure it out because
that's your next assignment.
REPORTER (ON TV): The
latest in the Maggie Moore
murder case.
reporters confronted
Andy Moore outside of his home.
I don't know this woman.
I had nothing to do with this.
You want to talk to someone.
you talk to Duane Rich.
Ask him about the death threats.
Duane Rich.
Yeah!
Yeah. Duane Rich. motherfuckers!
He killed both
our fucking wives!
Yeah.
Duane Rich. Duane Rich. Duane
Rich. Duane Rich. Duane Rich.
Duane Rich. Duane
Rich. Duane Rich.
Duane Rich. Duane Rich. Duane!
[helena. "do it to 'em"]
HELENA: (SINGING) Do it to 'em.
Do it to 'em.
He going to love it
when I do it to 'em.
Do it to 'em.
Everywhere he's gotta
bust my fucking ears.
HELENA: (SINGING) Do it to 'em.
Do it to 'em.
He going to love it
when I do it to 'em.
Hey.
Ugh!
HELENA: (SINGING)
Here's a secret.
This pussy undefeated.
Bend it over. touch your toes.
I know you want to see it.
Ass so thick like a
panoramic picture.
Show me something good.
What the fuck. man?
So the husband
pretty much fingered
that Duane Rich guy for us.
You following this?
Got a light?
You mind. darling?
I'm trying to conduct
some business here.
Then go rent a fucking office.
You got to make it look
like a suicide. all right?
He kills himself out of.
like. guilt or whatnot.
We're home free.
You feel me?
All good. baby.
How are we doing?
Oh. all right.
You?
OK.
I mean. under the circumstances.
Still grieving. of course.
Yeah. of course.
Yeah. I don't know if
you've been keeping up.
but they're closing in on
the guy. this Duane Rich.
That's good.
That's good news.
Yeah.
Yeah. it is for closure's sake.
You know?
It'd be nice to finally move on.
Well. it's only
been a few days.
I'm just saying. you don't
want to rush it emotionally.
Oh. yeah.
No. no. that's right.
You're right.
Take it slow.
But just things are turning
around. is my point.
Well. I'm glad.
Have a great day.
JAY: You. too.
[phone rings]
List of 13 different bars.
restaurants. and motels
that Cassie Novak says she
and Andy Moore were together
in just this last month.
March 4. 7:16 PM.
the Red Pub Inn.
Six Sam Adams. two
margaritas. wings with ranch.
She even wrote in
the extra napkins.
Sure did.
But here's the thing.
It all checks out.
It all checks out?
I called every
place on the list.
Every place has a
matching receipt.
Well. I think we need to
pay Andy Moore another visit.
Hey. Rita.
Can I call you back?
I'm just walking out the door.
OK. but I just ran
into Jay at the house.
and he said you're closing in
on Duane Rich for the murders.
Why would he say that?
I just thought you
would want to know.
He seemed pretty sure about it.
Also. we haven't really
talked since the casino.
Did I ruin everything?
No.
Like I said. I'm
just out the door.
I'll talk to you later.
RITA (ON PHONE): OK.
Trouble in paradise?
Maybe we're just friends. KB.
Not everything
has to end in sex.
The Dew Drop Inn.
this was the 17th.
Cash for the room.
cash for dinner.
two ribeye. two baked
potato. butter on the side--
OK!
OK. yeah. yeah.
OK. we had an affair.
--on the apple pie.
Why did you lie to us. Andy?
[sighs] Because
it had no relevance
to Maggie's death and could
only fuck me in the ass.
OK. well. look at it
from our perspective.
If you lied about
one thing. maybe
you lied about another thing.
Yeah. yeah. you know. I
realize it sounds insincere
because I did lie about Cassie.
who is a lunatic. by the way.
keeping track of butter.
but everything else.
I swear to you. is the truth.
So Cassie. she
made up the story
of you getting Duane to kill
Maggie so the two of you
could be together?
Yeah.
We were stoned. you know?
It was a bullshit
heavy metal fantasy.
Look. even if I wanted
out of the marriage.
for Maggie's life to end like
that. I'd rather it was me.
You believe that?
I'm not sure.
So we've got nothing
solid on two murders now.
How's that possible?
Was Maggie 1 a
mistake for Maggie 2.
or was Maggie 2 the
cover for Maggie 1?
No evidence either way.
Just a bunch of people
that deserve each other.
Somebody out there is really
good at what they're doing.
Good night. guys.
Get home safe.
[knocking]
Next time you leave
it. it's fine-- oh!
[muffled grunting]
Hey.
Suicide note.
But wait. there's more.
Confessions to both
Maggie Moore murders.
Well. that ties it all up in
a nice little bow. doesn't it?
Oh. I share your misery.
I really do.
Closing two cases with
the murderer's confession.
It's the absolute worst.
A confession
written on a laptop.
What. you want a
handwritten note?
Nobody writes anymore.
You're lucky he didn't
post it on Snapchat.
Because it would disappear.
Well. 2 o'clock's
got her eye on you.
2 o'clock is a
cigarette machine.
My 2 o'clock.
My 10 o'clock. sorry.
Yeah.
Hi.
I'm going to send
her a drink for you.
Just think of something
clever to say.
Tell you what. tell
you what. tell them
that I'm going to go see Rita.
I'm tired of being just friends.
And what's the point of
Duane killing Maggie 1
if he already knows Maggie 2?
If he doesn't know Maggie
2. he kills Maggie 1. fine.
it's a big mistake.
But he does know Maggie 2.
They work together.
I'm just asking.
To confuse the issue so we'd
have doubts he was our guy.
I mean. look how it's working.
He's a genius.
Yeah. well. something's off.
[knocking]
Hey.
Not too late. is it?
No. just usually you call.
Oh. I know.
I'm trying to be a little
more spontaneous these days.
I hear the ladies
really like that.
Can I come in?
Actually. I'm-- it's
not a real good time.
Oh.
Oh. Christ.
Hey.
You know. I have
opportunities. too.
In fact. 10 minutes ago--
He's a friend.
I've known him forever.
He's your fuck buddy. right?
Is that what they say?
He's your fuck buddy?
I'm not judging you.
Let me be clear.
You're absolutely judging me.
I absolutely am because
I thought maybe you
and I had something
here. you know?
I thought you and
I had something.
Well. none of
that has changed.
Of course it's changed.
Of course it has.
He's my ex. OK?
It's just once in a while.
Your ex?
The guy who broke
you down pretty good?
I'll end it right
now if you tell me to.
Well. what if your ex
tells you the opposite?
I got to go.
I made a report on Maggie 2.
Also. Tommy T busted.
Dipshit tried to pick
up a minor online.
Anything in here
I need to know?
Maggie 2 was type I diabetic.
insulin in her system.
But otherwise. she's clean.
She has a fuck buddy.
Maggie 2?
Rita.
Rita has a fuck
buddy. her ex-husband.
Can you believe that?
Well. obviously. you
weren't satisfying her.
Think it's a girth issue?
Do you know what
your problem is?
You have no concept of when
it is OK to tell a joke.
I mean. not even
in the slightest.
But he's a meaningless.
The entire concept
behind a fuck buddy
is the utter lack of meaning.
Fuck buddy-- it's just sex.
Have you ever been one?
A fuck buddy?
I wish.
Personal effects.
Maggie 2 was diabetic.
How come she didn't
have any meds on her?
Contents of her purse. contents
of her car. her pockets.
No insulin. no testing kit.
Maybe she shot up
before she left the house.
That's not how it works.
I have a niece that's type 1.
She tests her blood
sugar all the time.
She carries around a
little testing kit.
Where's Maggie 2's testing kit?
Maybe Duane kept
it as a token.
Maybe he did.
But why didn't it turn up
when we searched his basement?
Why didn't it turn up when
we searched his house?
I literally have no idea
where you're going with this.
It's just bothersome.
Everything about these
two cases is bothersome.
Except the part where we
have Duane's confession.
Right. but I want to know
why he killed Maggie 1.
And don't tell me it
was to confuse the issue
because that's really flimsy.
And you know what?
Here's another thing.
She says if I want. she'll break
it off with the fuck buddy ex.
What does that even mean?
How much simpler
can she put it?
I'm not sure how I'm
supposed to get over this.
It's a serious infraction.
You know what's a
serious infraction
is running a red light.
This is human behavior.
You get over it because
Rita makes you happy.
Do I look happy?
I don't get it.
Duane's dead.
You have his confession.
Why are we still doing this?
We just need to follow up on
a few loose ends. Mr. Moore.
The ME had found--
Medical examiner.
The medical examiner
had found some insulin
in Maggie's blood--
Yeah. Mags was diabetic.
So what?
Right. but what we didn't
find was any meds on her person
or in her personal effects.
OK. that's actually
kind of strange.
Maggie never left the
house without her kit.
She was super careful.
Her grandfather had
his foot amputated.
Ow.
Let me see if it's upstairs.
Appreciate that.
Andy. you know you
left the front door open.
Oh. hi. officers.
Isn't it great about Andy
not murdering his wife?
Sure is.
Yeah.
Would you like a
drink or some pie?
No. thank you.
They're not staying. Cass.
Thanks.
OK.
The kit's not
here. but I know she
had it because that
morning she went
out to pick up new test strips.
Maybe she left it by
accident. was paying.
got distracted or whatever.
Yeah. would you have
to know what pharmacy
Maggie might have used?
Bucklin Pharmacy on Thompson.
Yeah. and it had a monogram.
the kit. her initials. MLM.
Great.
Well. thank you for
your time. Mr. Moore.
Cassie. nice seeing you again.
Bye.
Let's go.
Unexpected.
Fuck buddies.
JAY: I already
dealt with you guys.
It's taken care of.
It's done.
Dealt with this how?
Like four days ago.
One of your cronies.
we worked it all out.
Customer. Greg!
No one from the
Castle corporate office
was here four days ago.
Don't fucking tell
me no one was here.
Greg. customer!
Jesus.
Carlson. greasy
hair. bad breath.
That's not our company card.
That's our company card.
JAY: What?
Clearly. you've been using
outside and. in many cases.
rancid product.
Well. why would--
Greg.
Where the fuck are you?
That little fucker.
Hey. hey. Mr.
Connors. I'm so sorry
about that misunderstanding.
On the upside. not
all your customers
have come down with E coli.
You know what?
Mr. Connors. I
just lost my wife.
You maybe read about
it in the papers.
We are shutting you down
effective immediately.
Do not touch that.
And don't ignore
our lawyer's call.
It would have a monogram
on it. MLM. Maggie Lee Moore.
Even if she did
leave it. I don't
see how it changes anything.
It would just help to
explain one damn inconsistency.
Sorry. nothing like that.
If it turns up.
I'll let you know.
Thank you.
Thank you. sir.
Hey. I didn't
mean to eavesdrop.
but I heard you were
talking about Maggie Moore.
I'm not sure which one.
I know they both passed.
like super bizarre.
Maggie Lee Moore.
Why?
Did you help her?
No. but the husband of
the first one who died--
yeah. it was the
first one-- he was
in here just making a purchase.
So I asked if he
had a loyalty card.
and he said he wasn't sure.
So I looked it up in
the system. and that's
when I saw that there
were two Maggie Moores.
But for some reason.
the system had
both Maggie Moore's under
the first one's phone number.
So you're saying
that Maggie Moore's
husband found out that there was
another Maggie Moore from you.
Yes. that is what I'm saying.
Freaky. right?
Did he ever come back in
here after his wife was killed?
Yeah. always bought
beer. always bought
snacks and the prepaid phones.
Oh. and Mega Ball.
Prepaid phones?
Yeah. like two at a time.
I was going to
ask. like. what do
you do with all
those phones. but he
didn't really like to chitchat.
Some people just don't.
you know. like to chitchat.
Yeah. I've heard
that about some people.
OK. well. Sammy. thank
you so much for your help.
You have yourself
a very nice day.
Thank you very much.
You. too.
Think Sammy and I are
wondering what Jay Moore
is doing with all those phones.
Yep.
[knocking]
He's not at home
or at the shop.
No.
Uh-oh.
I think I left
something in the car.
Deputy.
Are you avoiding me?
Of course not.
I'm here on police business.
Bullshit.
Can't you just get over this?
I don't know if I can. Rita.
Sorry. just being honest.
He means nothing to
me. like zero. less than.
It's not like me and
you were doing it.
Did you tell him it was over?
Did you end it with him.
like you said you would?
That's not what I said.
I said I would end it
if you wanted me to.
Rita. come on.
Don't you have any say
in your own life at all?
It must be nice to see
everything so clearly.
If you don't mind my saying--
Can you just not?
Thank you.
[upbeat music]
Did you think you can
play me. motherfucker?
[screaming]
Where's my 600.
you little bitch?
Where's my money?
Oh. my God.
Someone call 911!
Get help!
It's OK.
Anonymous note
says it belonged
to Jay Moore. who
anonymous says was.
quote unquote.
"up to something."
Huh.
Did anonymous say
where they found this?
No. but these texts
that we pulled off
you're going to want to see.
Anonymous note with
an anonymous phone
and some anonymous texts.
Any fingerprints?
Clean as a whistle.
Don't speak in
cliches. please.
It's very lazy.
We traced the serial number.
And guess which local drugstore
sold this particular phone?
Bucklin Pharmacy on Thompson.
Go pick up Jay. right?
Not yet.
I talked to one guy. one
fucking guy. and he's a Fed?
You thought he was
12. Tommy T. so let's
not blame it on a bad break.
Texts.
They're not mine.
Are they Jay Moore's?
Maybe.
Maybe you guys can help me out.
You know what they do
to guys like me in here?
Pedophiles?
Yeah.
The pedophiles get castrated
usually with a rusty homemade
shiv of some kind.
Well. you'll see.
So you can let Duane Rich take
the fall for both Maggie Moore
murders and stay in here and
get castrated with the rest
of the pedophiles.
Or?
Or what?
What. is there no fucking or?
Or maybe you know
more about these texts
than you're letting on.
Well. can you guys
get me out of here?
You know. grant me at least
some kind of invulnerability?
No. no. no. you're
a disgrace to society.
Tommy T. and a menace. too.
We-- can talk to the DA.
Maybe they'll knock a few
years off of what's going to be
an extremely long sentence.
Extremely long
sentence with no dick.
What do you think?
There's this tough guy.
Well. you wanted
to tie up loose ends.
Now all we've got is more
loose ends that need tying.
I don't disagree.
Except for the
fact that we actually
have a confessed murderer.
I mean. that end is
tight as it gets.
Nothing loose about it.
So what do you propose we do?
Who. me?
You want my opinion?
Yes. I want your opinion.
You're a damn fine
police officer.
Obviously. we've got to
check the deaf guy out.
I don't disagree.
Nice.
Yeah.
[gunshots on game]
[knocking]
How's that going for you?
Big guy.
Hi there.
I'm Chief Sanders.
This is Deputy Ready.
Are you Michael Cosco?
Why are you shouting?
We thought--
I'm sorry. are
you Michael Cosco?
Don Lindowski.
And I bet you're
looking for my squatter.
You have a squatter?
Yep.
Neighbor called
me in LA. told me
some asshole has been living
here. blasting the TV.
trashing the place.
I drove home this morning.
Was he here. the squatter?
Nope. no sign of him.
I'm assuming he took off.
Did he take anything?
Anything you might
want to report?
DON: Well. he
polished off my beer.
And like I said. he
trashed the place.
but everything seems to be here.
Well. sorry to bother
you. Mr. Linkowski.
Lindowski.
We'll send somebody
by to dust for prints.
We obviously want
to catch this guy.
Yeah. just give us a
call if he shows back up.
I will do.
You fellas take care.
Thank you for your time.
Just me or did you also
get the heebie jeebies?
That's our guy.
I saw Maggie's insulin
kit in there on the table.
the monogrammed one. MLM.
You sure?
[gunshot]
[dramatic music]
[gunshots]
Ah!
Dispatch. I got a
1024 1582 Burnside.
Roll the goddamn wagon and
give me some backup now.
DISPATCH (ON RADIO): Copy that.
Wagon and backup rolling.
Oh. Jesus.
Oh. Jesus. can you make it?
[knocking]
What the fuck?
Hang on!
[knocking]
You're gonna break
the fucking glass.
Oh!
You gave me up?
Huh?
Ow!
Oh!
The cops were at my place.
No fucking way. not from me.
Why did you fake being deaf?
I like to know what
people are saying about me.
Demented fuck.
[gunshot]
[dramatic music]
Rita. look. I
can't talk right now.
Somebody just shot Jay!
I just know it.
I saw it. and he saw me.
I want you to get out of
your house. get into your car.
get out of there right now.
Now!
[shattering]
Ah!
Drive.
Three choices.
You die in two of them.
Touch the brake. dead.
Do anything but what
I tell you. dead.
Third choice. you go home alive.
[honking]
SANDERS: What's going
on at Jay Moore's house?
DISPATCH (ON RADIO): Clear.
except for the deceased.
All right. I
need an all points
on a 2008 Honda
Accord gold. license
plate Frank George Henry 332.
It's filthy dirty.
She never washes the damn thing.
DISPATCH (ON RADIO):
Copy that. chief.
MICHAEL: Right turn.
Left and second right.
RITA: We're not
going to make it.
MICHAEL: We'll make it.
We're not going to make it.
Oh!
[honking]
SANDERS: 10-mile radius
from Moore's house.
DISPATCH (ON RADIO):
Copy that. chief.
MICHAEL: Right turn.
RITA: It's a dead end.
It's your lucky day.
I'm letting you out here.
No. you're not.
You're going to kill me here.
Just say it.
Just fucking say it.
I'm going to kill
you right here.
[laughs]
Not so bad. right?
Almost peaceful. nobody
gets out of your control.
[screaming]
[shattering]
SANDERS: Someone once told him
it took courage to be happy.
He didn't understand it then.
but he thinks he might now.
The problem. he realized.
is all the heartbreak.
For some. it comes
more often than others.
but he knew well it
comes for everyone.
The irony was how the
heartbreak somehow
made his own life
clearer. showed him
a path to the happiness he'd
been so desperate to find.
Obviously. not everyone
has that difficult a time.
Some people are born
happy and stay happy.
And to those people. he
thought. good for them.
What a gift.
For others. he knew.
it's just the opposite.
They fight. losing battle
after losing battle.
until. finally.
they lose the war.
The rest. the majority even.
it's a constant struggle.
Some days good. some
days not so good.
They keep at it. though.
wake up each morning.
hoping to catch lightning
in a bottle. which
he knew was a cliche.
but also believed
that's what happiness was.
The sad thing was when he
realized too late that he
had once held the bottle.
He held that bottle
right in his hands
with a lightning
buzzing around inside.
He was just too stupid or
too foolish or too proud
to realize it. and he
let it get away from him.
So was that another
heartbreak. or another part
of the struggle?
The truth is. he
didn't know yet.
He just knew it would take
some courage to find out.
[music playing]
[TERI NORTON - "HONEY MOON
HOUSE (BUILD A BUNGALOW)"]
(SINGING) I told the
stars and the sky
are blue. just the
way that I love you.
This is what they set
to do. build a bungalow.
build a honeymoon house for two.
I talked to the tree.
the tall oak tree.
Here's what the tall
tree said to me.
My very best advice to
you. build a bungalow.
build a honeymoon house for two.
Birds and bees. rivers
and trees. skies are blue.
say you love me. too.
I saw two bluebirds
sitting in a tree.
Here's what the
bluebird said to me.
Build a nest like lovebirds do.
Build a bungalow. build a
honeymoon house for two.
I talked to the
river deep and wide.
I told it how I feel inside.
It told me just
what I should do.
Build a bungalow. build a
honeymoon house for two.
I believe the stars
that cover the sky.
I believe in the moon up above.
I believe God made
them for you and I
to dream on as we fell in love.
I believe in dreams
for dreams come true.
I believe in dreams.
Don't you?
I believe your love for me is
true because I believe in you.